Rename `db upgrade` to `db migrate` and add `connections create-default-connections` (#32810)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/administration-and-deployment/production-deployment.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow db migrate

``migrate`` keeps track of migrations already applied, so it's safe to run as often as you need.

.. note::

    Prior to Airflow version 2.7.0, ``airflow db upgrade`` was used to apply migrations.

>     But since 2.7.0, it has been deprecated in favor of ``airflow db migrate``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prior to Airflow version 2.7.0, ``airflow db upgrade`` was used to apply migrations, 
    however, it has been deprecated in favor of ``airflow db migrate``.
```

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow db migrate

> ``migrate`` keeps track of migrations already applied, so it's safe to run as often as you need.

Reviewer 2: It would be great to add in ` .. note` here that formerly it was `upgrade`. (before 2.7)  some people will look at latest version of the docs and try with older airflow version - note here and in other places of the .rst docs might be useful.

Author: Added notes in a few important places for context.
